Hello and welcome back. In the previous lessons, I have shown you how to install Codex and use it
to fix openclaw issues. In this lesson and the next, I will show you how to use Claude Code
instead. If you do not wish to use Claude, you may skip this video. Just like Codex, in order to use
Claude Code, you will need to have a subscription plan with Claude. I am using the pro plan billed
at $20 monthly. If billed annually, it is $17 per month. You will get Claude chat and also Claude code
just like in OpenAI subscription, you get chatGPT and also codex. Head over to this website
to download Claude desktop. Claude desktop will give you both Claude chat and also Claude code.
Note that Claude code can also be command line based, but I prefer Claude Desktop as
it is more user friendly and has session history on the left panel.
Click to download Claude Desktop.
Click Download for Windows.
Head over to the Downloads folder and double click on the setup file.
Login to Claude.
For me, I use Google Authentication.
After authentication, click Open Claude.
On the top left corner, there are 3 tabs, chat, co-work and code.
We are interested only in chat and code.
Click on the chat tab.
Here we can select the model.
At time of recording, Opus 4.7 is the most powerful model.
It has better ability to solve complex problems, but it may consume more tokens and hit rate
limits faster.
We could also use Sonnet 4.6, which is almost as good as Opus when it comes to coding.
Let's test the chat by saying hello.
I get a reply.
It works.
Now we try Claude code.
Click on this icon here to see the rate limit status.
Note the 5-hour limit and the weekly limits and when they reset.
There are 4 permission modes, Accept edits is the best balance.
It can auto create files but for other tasks, it will ask for permission.
'Ask permissions': will ask permission for everything and 'bypass permissions' will not ask you at
all.
'Plan mode' is used when you are planning but don't want to execute anything yet.
I normally leave it at its default which is: 'Accept edits.'
Here is where you set the model.
There is also the effort level.
High means more reasoning for complex problems or bugs.
Low means no reasoning.
If you set the effort to high, it will consume token and get slower responses, but it can
solve complex problems.
I normally set it to high for Opus 4.7 and Sonnet 4.6.
Let's test Claude code.
I will ask it to create a folder on my desktop called Test Claude, and it works.
Now I ask it to write a Python program that prompts the user for name and prints a greeting
using that name and put the program in the newly created folder.
Let's check it out.
I open a PowerShell terminal here and run the script.
I enter my name.
It works.
You can also open a CMD terminal to run it.
Another way is to ask Claude Code to run it.
It asks for permission.
I click always allow and it works.
So this is how we install Claude code.
You can use Claude code to configure OpenClaw or to fix any problems.
That's all for this video.
Thanks for watching.